If you want to send a message to a computer, you have to specify which one. Thus any computer linked to a network has a unique address that identifies it, called an "IP address" (where IP stands for Internet Protocol). It's an address made of a series of four numbers separated by dots, for example: 192.0.2.172.

That's perfectly fine for computers, but we human beings have a hard time remembering that sort of address. To make things easier, we can alias an IP address with a human-readable name called a domain name. For example (at the time of writing; IP addresses can change) google.com is the domain name used on top of the IP address 142.250.190.78. So using the domain name is the easiest way for us to reach a computer over the Internet.

The Internet is an infrastructure, whereas the Web is a service built on top of the infrastructure. It is worth noting there are several other services built on top of the Internet, such as email

When you type a web address into your browser (for our analogy that's like walking to the shop):

The browser goes to the DNS server, and finds the real address of the server that the website lives on (you find the address of the shop).
The browser sends an HTTP request message to the server, asking it to send a copy of the website to the client (you go to the shop and order your goods). This message, and all other data sent between the client and the server, is sent across your internet connection using TCP/IP.
If the server approves the client's request, the server sends the client a "200 OK" message, which means "Of course you can look at that website! Here it is", and then starts sending the website's files to the browser as a series of small chunks called data packets (the shop gives you your goods, and you bring them back to your house).
The browser assembles the small chunks into a complete web page and displays it to you (the goods arrive at your door — new shiny stuff, awesome!).

When browsers send requests to servers for HTML files, those HTML files often contain <link> elements referencing external CSS stylesheets and <script> elements referencing external JavaScript scripts. It's important to know the order in which those files are parsed by the browser as the browser loads the page:

The browser parses the HTML file first, and that leads to the browser recognizing any <link>-element references to external CSS stylesheets and any <script>-element references to scripts.
As the browser parses the HTML, it sends requests back to the server for any CSS files it has found from <link> elements, and any JavaScript files it has found from <script> elements, and from those, then parses the CSS and JavaScript.
The browser generates an in-memory DOM tree from the parsed HTML, generates an in-memory CSSOM structure from the parsed CSS, and compiles and executes the parsed JavaScript.
As the browser builds the DOM tree and applies the styles from the CSSOM tree and executes the JavaScript, a visual representation of the page is painted to the screen, and the user sees the page content and can begin to interact with it.
